Update database.rst (#140)
frankframework/frank-manual: docs/source/deploying/database.rst

The ``type`` field
------------------

> Database vendors provide Java libraries to access their databases from Java code. The library for the chosen database has to be available on the Java classpath, see :ref:`deployingDatabaseGeneralAboutDriver` and :ref:`deployingDatabaseDriver`. As a system administrator, you have to choose a Java class from the library; the Java class that the Frank!Framework should access. This is the value of the ``type`` field. In general, there are two options: choosing a *database driver* (not recommended) or choosing a *datasource*. A database driver attempts to initialise a DataSource for you. It may do this based on bias defaults. It is therefor recommended to always configure a DataSource directly. Drivers do not provider more functionality, and are purely a wrapper around (usually a NON-XA) DataSource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database vendors provide Java libraries to access their databases from Java code. The library for the chosen database has to be available on the Java classpath, see :ref:`deployingDatabaseGeneralAboutDriver` and :ref:`deployingDatabaseDriver`. As a system administrator, you have to choose a Java class from the library; the Java class that the Frank!Framework should access. This is the value of the ``type`` field. In general, there are two options: choosing a *database driver* (not recommended) or choosing a *datasource*. A database driver attempts to initialise a DataSource for you. It may do this based on biased defaults. It is therefore recommended to always configure a DataSource directly. Drivers do not provide more functionality, and are purely a wrapper around a (usually NON-XA) DataSource.
```

Reviewer: Hmm, hier is iets niet goed gegaan. Gaat om de onderste suggestie.

Database driver or datasource
-----------------------------

To access a database, the Frank!Framework needs a database driver or a datasource, see :ref:`deployingDatabaseDriver`. These drivers are included in a Java library provided by the database vendor. The driver needs to be placed or mounted in the ``/opt/frank/drivers`` directory. Depending on your needs you might want to do this as part of your project (and use a Containerfile to copy the file over), or let a system administrator install the database library in the deployment environment.

.. WARNING::

>    This is possible sinds release 9.2 of the Frank!Framework, before this version the database libraries of many databases were included in the Docker image provided by the maintainers of the Frank!Framework. In order to give end users more granularity and control over which version they use, they can now easily overwrite driver types and versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is possible since release 9.2 of the Frank!Framework, before this version the database libraries of many databases were included in the Docker image provided by the maintainers of the Frank!Framework. In order to give end users more granularity and control over which version they use, they can now easily overwrite driver types and versions.
```
